feat: Implement measure to fix ghost lines and graphical artifacts in Sprites (#3590)
flame-engine/flame: doc/flame/rendering/images.md

[example using sprite as widgets](https://github.com/flame-engine/flame/blob/main/examples/lib/stories/widgets/sprite_widget_example.dart).

### Sprite Bleeding

In some cases when rendering sprites next to each other, when the edges of the sprites are touching,

> you may see a rendering artifact called "ghost lines" between them.

Author: I will put an article for this, I think we could go into more details there? Wdyt?

  srcSize: Vector2(16.0, 16.0),
);
playerFrame.render(canvas, 16.0, 16.0, bleed: 1.0);
```

The sprite will be rendered with a bleed amount of 1.0, meaning that it will have
a value of 0.5 pixels added to each edge of the sprite.

Note that the amount of the bleed value depends on the size of the sprite, so a bleed value of 1.0
might not make much difference for a sprite of 100x100.

### Sprite Raster

Rasterizing a sprite is the process of extracting the selected area of the image from that sprite,
it storing in memory, and returning a new Sprite that contains that rasterized image.

That can be used for a variety of reasons, one of the most useful one is to avoid texture leaking
when using a sprite sheet.

Texture leaking can happen for the same rounding issue explained above, and it consist of parts
outside of a sprite selection to also be rendered.

Extracting the sprite selection and rasterizing it is a way to avoid, since the renderization will
now happen on top of an image that only contains the selected area.

```{warning}
When creating a rasterized sprite, the image will be allocated in memory, and
will not be put in the automatic cache management.

> Meaning that you will have dispose it manually when you are done with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meaning that you will have dispose of it manually when you are done with it.
```

> But, when using the `RasterizedSpriteComponent` from Flame Component System,
> that component will take care of disposing the image when removed from the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But, when using the `RasterizedSpriteComponent`, the component will take care of disposing the image
when the component is removed from the game.
```

[example using sprite as widgets](https://github.com/flame-engine/flame/blob/main/examples/lib/stories/widgets/sprite_widget_example.dart).

### Sprite Bleeding

In some cases when rendering sprites next to each other, when the edges of the sprites are touching,
you may see a rendering artifact called "ghost lines" between them.

This happens especially when the sprites are positioned in coordinates that are not whole numbers,
or when scaling is applied to the canvas.

Those lines appear because floating-point numbers aren't 100% accurate in computer science. Due
to rounding errors, even though the sprites are supposed to be touching, they are not rendered that
way.

One way to avoid this is to use a technique called "bleeding", which consists of adding a very small
margin to the edges of the sprites, so that when they are rendered, they will overlap a bit and thus
avoid rendering the ghost lines.

> Flame provides a way to do this by using the `bleed` parameter in the `Sprite` render. This is a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flame provides a way to do this by using the `bleed` parameter in the `Sprite` render method. This is a
```

double value that represents the amount of bleeding to be applied to the edges of the sprite.

For example, if you do:

```dart
final image = await images.load('player.png');
final playerFrame = Sprite(
  image,
  srcPosition: Vector2(32.0, 0),
  srcSize: Vector2(16.0, 16.0),
);
playerFrame.render(canvas, 16.0, 16.0, bleed: 1.0);
```

The sprite will be rendered with a bleed amount of 1.0, meaning that it will have
a value of 0.5 pixels added to each edge of the sprite.

For users of the `SpriteComponent`, using the bleeding feature is also quite simple, it is just

> a matter of passing a value in the `bleed` attribute on the component constructor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a matter of passing a value to the `bleed` attribute in the component constructor:
```
